I learned to scuba dive in 1956 in the
English Channel down the shot line and
the very next time I did service was
about two months later you are on the
Great Barrier Reef in Australia and of
course that was a very different
experience I remember putting on the
gear and then gain other side and then
that wonderful feeling of being free of
the bonds of gravity and just being able
to move in any one direction with a
shake of your flipper on your hand that
was marvelous enough and these crystal
waters it was wonderful above below me
there was a wonderland a coral reef on
it there were fish that never dreamed of
of colors I could only imagine
and also as fish thanks of which I've
never seen before my life there was the
corner of course but there were all
kinds of costumes and molluscs and
beauty brains and there were all kinds
of things and I hung there absolutely
entranced there wasn't a single creature
there that I had ever seen before
anywhere what a treasury
what a fantastic experience and one I've
never before
but we play is one which are still
remember very vividly
every time I swim even know what joy
you
[Music]